well good morning friends how you guys
doing top of the morning to you guys
hope you guys are doing well this is my
last of my test videos basically just
testing out my GoPro as I was standing
before for workout videos and for other
videos related to a little cameras
working if you will did uh did a little
but shoulders did a lot more than just
this for my workout but uh basically did
some strict shoulder press that means
those legs are not or staying straight
the whole time right I did switch it up
to some push press were the legs
actually do a help in transitioning
power to those shoulders and lifting the
weight up but I feel like shit on this
workout to be honest yeah I used jack3d
micro for this workout man this
supplement suck shit I really have
nothing positive to say about it I wish
I have more positive things to say about
it I'm just focusing on doing a very
slow transition to calves and actually
holding it at the bottom for account so
it gets kind of boring yep go up and
then we go back down don't worry we
increase this weight on this bitch we do
I swear to God but going back to jack3d
micro um yeah I use the recommended
maximum two scoops didn't do shit I felt
shit on it I went up to two and a half
scoops didn't do shit I felt worse on it
I actually felt worse after taking like
my energy levels went down after taking
this supplement which is I don't it's in
my opinion is really disappointing
because there's really good ratings for
it so i am wondering why the ratings are
the way they are
I haven't moved to three scoops yet do I
waste a workout and do three scoops I
don't know I don't know maybe I'll do
through more scoops just to give one
last try to give a thorough review later
on but uh yeah me flexing in the gym
bitches but other than that I don't know
if I should be even trying um right now
it looks like you know just mixing the
toilet water would just be the best
option like I said strict presses show
the legs don't move right my wrist
fucking killing here today as well that
was annoying as hell um you know when
the risk kill man nothing is pretty
nothing is Britt a nothing is pretty at
all forever isn't the gym hotel seems to
be out it didn't record here maybe this
is another problem with the GoPro
although there is a really big problem
with the GoPro and it's the battery life
as you can see I'm trying to be a man
and really hold hold that way until it
it pains the pain shoots through those
cows and and I can feel like a man
because no pain no game my friends no
pain no gain except for pain what I
don't know what I was going with us
there we go um we moved up to 185 pounds
of strict press my wrists were
absolutely shot I just haven't really
done enough strict press lately I think
and holding my wrist in a certain
position and like when you go up to the
top and all that it just destroys your
wrist I guess I needed a little bit of
wrist wraps for this for some of this
and next time that's exactly what I'm
going to be doing so I know it doesn't
look like it but I am trying to push on
my core here it's kind of funny I'll
last set with calves here I did a little
bit of a a drop set if you will
yeah this is halfway through things
started just hurting so I figured why
not do the most appropriate of things
for this well for this workout for this
set if you will I thought that brought
kept on looking at me doing my calves
exercise but she was just looking at
herself in the mirror I thought I was
being special and I thought I was doing
something really cool but I guess I was
not I was not things just started
hurting too much here so I figured why
not do
who this come on Pete I don't have time
for this shit come on everybody take a
25 throw that bitch of weight now now
i'm talking about house twins i
apologize i think i've just learned
lingo from them I think they're just
contagious lingo now being a bitch not
being a bitch if we go basically what's
gonna happen with all these workout
videos and it's gonna be a lot more yeah
yeah I feeling like a little weak bitch
like I said but yeah it's gonna be
combining this with the GoPro footage
along with normal DSLR footage into one
video and I'm thinking about doing one
full-on workout video per week on my
main channel but like I said this is
just test footage for now and seeing how
you guys like it not really sure if I'm
going to be doing voiceover for it I'm
gonna try not to voiceover for it but I
hope you like the sound this is using a
new snowball mic if you will so please
let me know how the sound works out and
everything like that please let me know
how you like the whole if you use jacked
at all because unfortunately army jack3d
micro i should say fortune and used it
and yeah
yeah yeah i just finished well finish
this video off with a little bit of side
laterals seated that's about it all
right you guys stay sexy you stay hungry
then of course my friends you get laid